GRADE REPORT for repo fa17-hw5-SahilModi

Total points earned: 22

Detailed test results:
tester_add_head/_given: Correct
tester_add_head/in_place: Correct
tester_add_head/longer: Correct
tester_add_head/vacuous: Correct
tester_add_position/_given: Correct
tester_add_position/edges: Correct
tester_add_position/in_place: Correct
tester_add_position/vacuous: Correct
tester_find_cycle/_given: Correct
tester_find_cycle/long: Error
tester_find_cycle/more: Correct
tester_find_merge_point/_given: Failed
tester_find_merge_point/more: Failed
tester_is_merged/_given: Correct
tester_is_merged/is_check: Correct
tester_is_merged/more: Correct
tester_is_merged/neq_length: Failed
tester_list_sum/_given: Correct
tester_list_sum/more: Correct
tester_remove_head/_given: Correct
tester_remove_head/in_place: Correct
tester_remove_head/one: Correct
tester_remove_head/vacuous: Correct
tester_remove_position/_given: Correct
tester_remove_position/in_place: Correct
tester_remove_position/vacuous: Correct