GRADE REPORT for repo fa17-hw4-SahilModi

Total points earned: 21

Detailed test results:
tester_alphabet_finder/_given: Correct
tester_alphabet_finder/long: Correct
tester_alphabet_finder/more: Failed
tester_anagram_of_palindrome/_given: Correct
tester_anagram_of_palindrome/long: Failed
tester_anagram_of_palindrome/more: Correct
tester_anagram_of_palindrome/vacuous: Failed
tester_count_anagrams/_given: Correct
tester_count_anagrams/long_elements: Correct
tester_count_anagrams/long_uniq: Correct
tester_count_anagrams/more: Correct
tester_count_anagrams/vacuous: Correct
tester_happy_number/_given: Correct
tester_happy_number/iftrs: Failed
tester_happy_number/incluse: Correct
tester_happy_number/more_1: Correct
tester_happy_number/more_large: Failed
tester_is_unique/_given: Correct
tester_is_unique/longer: Correct
tester_is_unique/more: Correct
tester_is_unique/vacuous: Correct
tester_reverse_dictionary/_given: Correct
tester_reverse_dictionary/long: Correct
tester_reverse_dictionary/more: Correct
tester_reverse_dictionary/nested_objects: Correct
tester_reverse_dictionary/self_loop: Correct